Now that we've learned the basic usage of React, next, we'll delve into detailed explanations of the two methods we've been using.

First is the `React.createElement` method. For this method, a general understanding is sufficient, there's no need to memorize it in detail. This method is not particularly user-friendly and can become quite cumbersome when creating complex structures. Therefore, we'll be learning a more simplified and friendly syntax to create React elements in the future. However, there are some aspects of this method we haven't covered yet, so let's elaborate on them.

Alright, let's go back to our code. We have discussed the parameters of this method before. The first parameter represents the name of the React element, which corresponds to the name of the HTML tag. For example, if it's `h1`, then we write `h1`. If we want to create a `p` tag, then here, you just need to write `p`. When we go back to the page [pause] and refresh it, [puase] you'll notice that the element has now changed to a `p` tag. So, the first parameter is quite straightforward.

Next, the second parameter represents the attributes of the element. Initially, we wrote `null` here, meaning there is no attribute. If you want to assign attributes, you can create an object here. In this object, you can add attributes. For example, let's add a `title` attribute with the value "I am the title", [pause] and save it. Now, go back to the page [pause], and refresh. [pause] Open the root div [pause], and you'll notice there is a title inside this p tag. This is how you assign attributes. Of course, if you have other attributes, you can continue to add them here. For example, let's add an `id` attribute with a value `p1`. [pause] Save it. [pause] Go back to the page, [pause] and refresh. [puase] Now, it has two attributes. Therefor, if there are attributes, just put them in the second parameter position.

So, as we've mentioned, the third parameter represents the child node of that element. However, this is not entirely accurate. To be precise, it's not limited to three parameters. In fact, it can have four, five, six, or even more parameters, and all parameters starting from the third one represent its child nodes. Therefore, we should correct this: the third parameter and all subsequent parameters represent the child nodes of the element [pause/comment], because an element can indeed have multiple child nodes. For example, we currently have a text node as parameter. Now, we can add a new node to it, let's add another element node this time. But if its node is another element, how should we write it? Yes, we still need to use the `React.createElement` method to create a new element. For example, I want it to have a `span` element, so I write a `span`, [pause] it has no attributes, but it has content, let's write "This is a span node". [pause] Save it. [pause]

In this way, we've added another node to this `p` element. Let's see the effect. Go back to the page, [pausue]refresh it, [puase] and you can see that the page displays new content. Let's look at the `root div`, [puase] you'll find that in the `p` tag, there is not only a text node, but also a `span` node. This demonstrates the use of its subsequent parameters. If you want to add more nodes, just continue to add them.

However, we've found that even if we only wrote a very simple HTML structure, which is a `p` tag nested with a `span` tag, we had to write a lot of such code. Therefore, the `React.createElement` method is not very convenient to use. So, for this method, we only need to briefly understand it.

Another method is `ReactDOM.render`, which is a key method. However, it's actually quite simple, and we've already explained it in detail before. Let's take anohter quick look. This method is responsible for rendering the `React` elements we've created onto the page. That is to say, its first parameter is the React element you created. For example, if I want to render the element `el` I created onto the page, then I can write `el` as the first parameter. Of course, we'll learn about components later. If you've learned about components and have created one, you can similarly rewrite this by using a component as parameter. We'll talk more about this later. The second parameter is a DOM object. That is, the location on the page where React element we created is rendered. In general, we write `document.getElementById` here to get the root node, which is our mount point. And finally, our element will be rendered under the root node. So, this is the `React.render` method.

Well, that's a simple explanation of these two methods. That's all we've discussed so far.

Thank you for watching, remember to like and subscribe to my channel, see you in the next lesson.
